feat: Developer Guide - GUI - DataGrip (#14689)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-gui-datagrip.md

Reviewer: preview: https://pingcap-docs-website-scaffold-git-preview-pingca-1c6c01-oreoxmt.vercel.app/tidb/dev/dev-guide-gui-datagrip

Author: Looks good. Let me add a line to the third party summary page.

Author: Oh wait, I needn't do that, cause the DataGrip is not the `Full` level support.

Author: All good, IMO we can merge it now.

<SimpleTab>
<div label="TiDB Serverless">

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

2. Click **Connect** in the upper-right corner. A connection dialog is displayed.

3. Ensure the configurations in the connection dialog match your operating environment.

    - **Endpoint Type** is set to `Public`
    - **Connect With** is set to `JDBC`
    - **Operating System** matches your environment.

4. Click **Create password** to create a random password.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > If you have created a password before, you can either use the original password or click **Reset password** to generate a new one.

5. Launch DataGrip and create a project to manage your connections.

    ![Create a project in DataGrip](/media/develop/datagrip-create-project.jpg)

6. In the newly created project, click **+** in the upper-left corner of the **Database Explorer** panel, and select **Data Source** > **Other** > **TiDB**.

    ![Select a data source in DataGrip](/media/develop/datagrip-data-source-select.jpg)

> 7. Copy the JDBC string from the TiDB Cloud connection dialog and replace the `<your_password>` placeholder with your actual password. Then, paste it into the **URL** field, and the remaining parameters will be auto-populate. An example result is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Copy the JDBC string from the TiDB Cloud connection dialog and replace `<your_password>`  with your actual password. Then, paste it into the **URL** field, and the remaining parameters will be auto-populated. An example result is as follows:
```

3. Ensure the configurations in the connection dialog match your operating environment.

    - **Endpoint Type** is set to `Public`
    - **Connect With** is set to `JDBC`
    - **Operating System** matches your environment.

4. Click **Create password** to create a random password.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > If you have created a password before, you can either use the original password or click **Reset password** to generate a new one.

5. Create a project to manage your connections.

    ![DataGrip create a project](/media/develop/datagrip-create-project.jpg)

6. Click **+** in the upper-left corner of the **Database Explorer** panel, and select **Data Source** > **Other** > **TiDB**.

    ![DataGrip select data source](/media/develop/datagrip-data-source-select.jpg)

7. Copy the JDBC string from the TiDB Cloud connection dialog and replace the `<your_password>` placeholder with your actual password. Then, paste it into `URL`, and the remaining parameters will be auto-filled. The example result is as follows:

    ![DataGrip URL paste](/media/develop/datagrip-url-paste.jpg)

8. Click **Download** missing driver files. If you have used DataGrip before, you can skip this step.

> 9. Click **Test Connection** to establish a connection to TiDB Serverless Tier cluster.

Reviewer 3: Don't need to input CA path in DataGrip for tidb serverless? @Icemap

Author: Yep, the JDK uses the system's default CA path to link to the Serverless Tier.
